It's all here, come in
Oops oops
Why are there only a few?
Our Fuyang marriage is too wronged, right?
The movie director is the most promising one in the family
I don't think there are many guests who can handle it.
Hahaha for a while
Director Li, Boss Zhang
Chief Wang and the others
It will come soon.
Why don't you go and sit inside?
Have some tea and eat some fruit
Captain Fei also knows such a big man
Why don't you introduce us?
These are all given face by the leaders.
Don't mention it
Don't you mention it?
Dad Sisi
Why didn't you tell us?
Do you still know Director Li's family?
These are the little things.
It's not worth talking about all the time
It seems that Sisi and Li Gongzi are already very familiar
Can you introduce us to each other?
Of course, but Mr. Li is very busy
Wait for him when he has time.
I asked him out to meet you
Fuyang didn't expect your husband to be so powerful
Meet so many great people
It seems
Marrying Lin Sisi is really your best choice
Yeah? Maybe they're right.
Marrying Lin Sisi is indeed the best choice for me
Miss looks beautiful though
But from a rural background
I'm no help marrying her
Hello bro
What are you doing here?
Are you here to ruin Sisi's wedding?